Effective but too-tepid biopic
Illuminating if overly talky documentary.
At about 95 minutes, Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story. However, it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts.
Though everything might be literate and smart, it never took off and always seemed static.
Like most Bond outings in recent years, some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike. A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series.
The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture. Much of the way, though, this is a refreshingly novel ride.
Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen...Tuck Everlasting is a little of both.
Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character, but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start.
Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way.
While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic, its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at.
While McFarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story.
I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it, but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory.
It's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness, while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene.
Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles, but don't be fooled: Nobody deserves any prizes here.
It won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke.
You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions.
The New Guy does have a heart. Now, if it only had a brain.
Post 9/11 the philosophical message of ``Personal Freedom First'' might not be as palatable as intended.
Easier to respect than enthuse over, Andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing.
Is office work really as alienating as 'Bartleby' so effectively makes it?
Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed, downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart, sugar-free wit.
Bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability.
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight.
There are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year. Unfortunately, they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo's life imaginable.
One of (Herzog's) least inspired works.
Too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience.
The saturation bombing of Reggio's images and Glass' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning.
A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description ``unelected'' have suspected all along: George W. Bush is an incurious, uncharismatic, overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide.
A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances.
As a revenge thriller, the movie is serviceable, but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions.
An ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it.
Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare.
. Curiously, Super Troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length.
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy.
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD. For free. I still want my money back.
It plods along methodically, somehow under the assumption that its ``dead wife communicating from beyond the grave'' framework is even remotely new or interesting.
It's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom, and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive.
All too familiar...basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'Angels With Dirty Faces' appeared in 1938.
...passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick. Strictly middle of the road.
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation, it's really little more than a particularly slanted, gay s/m fantasy, enervating and deadeningly drawn-out.
After the first 10 minutes, which is worth seeing, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés, depression and bad alternative music.
No one can doubt the filmmakers' motives, but The Guys still feels counterproductive.
A very slow, uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel.
With little visible talent and no energy, Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee.
``Feardotcom'' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel, but it simply becomes a routine shocker.
Well-meaning to a fault, Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy.
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look, director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors.
Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip.
Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel.
A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film, but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time, and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun.
The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher, and reflects the worst of their shallow styles: wildly overproduced, inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one (and no one).
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel.
Coarse, cliched and clunky, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock.
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves, at the very least, a big box of consolation candy.
How much you are moved by the emotional tumult of (François and Michèle's) relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them.
They presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson, however entertainingly presented, so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes.
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence.
The following things are not at all entertaining: The bad sound, the lack of climax and, worst of all, watching Seinfeld (who is also one of the film's producers) do everything he can to look like a good guy.
Attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and, dare I say, outdated, it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident.
Obvious, obnoxious and didactic burlesque.
The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters.
Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously.
Ultimately, clarity matters, both in breaking codes and making movies. Enigma lacks it.
Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13, yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults.
... has its moments, but ultimately, its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites.
A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable, especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour.
Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement.
In the end, Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived: too much to do, too little time to do it in.
Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations.
McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about, or is ill-equipped to examine, the interior lives of the characters in his film, much less incorporate them into his narrative.
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line.
Amid the shock and curiosity factors, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way.
Yes, Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination, but it's also a failure of storytelling.
A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie.
A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga.
Whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie, we cut to a new scene, which also appears to be the end. But, no, we get another scene, and then another. You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain.
An empty, ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility.
The screenplay, co-written by director Imogen Kimmel, lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise, making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing.
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch.
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups, not much camera movement, and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters.
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea, but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting, while the third feels limited by its short running time.
Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby's pain, the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion.
Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting.
The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung.
For a film that celebrates radical, nonconformist values, What to Do in Case of Fire? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional, reserved kind of filmmaking.
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up. But they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail.
Mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on, well, Love in the Time of Money.
It briefly flirts with player masochism, but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely.
Holland lets things peter out midway, but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals.
For every articulate player, such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman, are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words ``radical'' or ``suck'' into a sentence.
There's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale.
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle.
It's unfortunate that Wallace, who wrote Gibson's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor, has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue.
I liked the movie, but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further. I'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't.
Dreary tale of middle-class angst
For a movie about the power of poetry and passion, there is precious little of either.
(Jackson and Bledel) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops, but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd.
Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks, but not anyone else.
Like Schindler's List, The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent, but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way.
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at, listen to, and think about, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film.
(Screenwriter) Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it, but it is a rather poor imitation.
It's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey.
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite.
A decidedly mixed bag.
There are cheesy backdrops, ridiculous action sequences, and many tired jokes about men in heels.
Not everything in the film works, including its somewhat convenient ending.
The characters, cast in impossibly contrived situations, are totally estranged from reality.
Everything else about High Crimes is, like the military system of justice it portrays, tiresomely regimented.
Just dreadful. I don't blame Eddie Murphy but shouldn't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script?
Sweet Home Alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of (Witherspoon's) better films.
hard as this may be to believe, Here on Earth, a surprisingly similar teen drama, was a better film.
This is just lazy writing. Even kids deserve better.
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie. And Diesel isn't the actor to save it.
Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda.
Frank Capra played this story straight. But the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it, and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes.
How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap?
The problem is that for the most part, the film is deadly dull.
Handled correctly, Wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice. Here, alas, it collapses like an overcooked soufflé.
``Sorority Boys'' was funnier, and that movie was pretty bad.
A bizarre piece of work, with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy, rape and suspected murder
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe, but the movie is certainly not number 1.
It's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years, though Don't Ask still finds a few chuckles.
Often likable, but just as often it's meandering, low on energy, and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy.
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike, Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire.
Elaborate special effects take centre screen, so that the human story is pushed to one side.
Showtime isn't particularly assaultive, but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase, explosion or gunfight again.
All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams.
This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations.
I have no problem with ``difficult'' movies, or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out. But first, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
Been there, done that... a thousand times already, and better.
What's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast, but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism.
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing, teeth-gnashing actorliness.
Fans of Plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film, but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers.
Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality.
None of this sounds promising and, indeed, the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens.
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics.
'Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that, if it were a person, you'd want to smash its face in.'
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance.
The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls.
While the production details are lavish, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists, particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation.
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics.
What's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle? Well, it's not as pathetic as The Animal.
With all the sympathy, empathy and pity fogging up the screen...His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles.
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum's good intentions.
What 'Blade Runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel.
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie, but because it has a bigger-name cast, it gets a full theatrical release.
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action, All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s.
It never quite makes it to the boiling point, but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time.
Loud, silly, stupid and pointless.
Mandel Holland's direction is uninspired, and his scripting unsurprising, but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning. You'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie.
A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama.
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor, or did they not have the nerve to speak up?
Seriously, rent the Disney version.
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor, but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them.
Like its parade of predecessors, this Halloween is a gory slash-fest. It can't escape its past, and it doesn't want to.
``Abandon'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater.
Problem is, we have no idea what in creation is going on.
A loquacious and dreary piece of business.
What the audience feels is exhaustion, from watching a movie that is dark (dark green, to be exact), sour, bloody and mean.
director Hoffman, his writer and Kline's agent should serve detention
Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance, dark satire and murder mystery.
Meticulously mounted, exasperatingly well-behaved film, which ticks off Kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant.
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation.
I'm not sure which will take longer to heal: the welt on Johnny Knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche.
While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza, there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration.
I'm not sure which is worse: the poor acting by the ensemble cast, the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen.
The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow.
Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards, someone should dispense the same advice to film directors.
As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script, which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else.
The Irwins' scenes are fascinating; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts.
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea, then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear. This is one baaaaaaaaad movie.
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan. He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan's Privates. But Windtalkers doesn't beat that one, either.
May puzzle his most ardent fans.
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill.
We never feel anything for these characters, and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity.
Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering.
The story, touching though it is, does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature, and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long.
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights, of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders, of playing with narrative form.
While you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out ``When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way,'' it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to ``Tonight.''
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years.
'...the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well...but quite frankly, Scoob and Shag don't eat enough during the film.'
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now.
TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen.
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout, this is the one.
It's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut, Mad Cows.
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy's sledgehammer sap.
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity, Steven Soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience.
Despite some strong performances, never rises above the level of a telanovela.
This is a picture that Maik, the firebrand turned savvy ad man, would be envious of: it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool.
Unspeakable, of course, barely begins to describe the plot and its complications. Vulgar is too optimistic a title.
The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene, but to diminishing effect. The characters never change.
If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows.
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes, becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place.
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested, or at least conscious, I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
A bad movie that happened to good actors.
Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome.
Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite.
Oversexed, at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty, female and single.
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies.
Rarely has a film's title served such dire warning.
If you saw Benigni's Pinocchio at a public park, you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police.
The animation is competent, and some of the gags are quite funny, but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive, morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment.
The pace of the film is very slow (for obvious reasons) and that too becomes off-putting.
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances, but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion, grief and fear.
Shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting.
In his role of observer of the scene, Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive, as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature.
(T)he ideas of Revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
The film didn't convince me that Calvin Jr.'s Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago's South Side.
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares?
Despite some comic sparks, Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire.
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries, but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad, and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place.
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling.
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency.
Some Body is a shaky, uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves.
All the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition.
(A) stale retread of the '53 original.
One thing's for sure--if George Romero had directed this movie, it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head.
For dance completists only.
Spreads itself too thin, leaving these actors, as well as the members of the commune, short of profound characterizations
It wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe's routine is offensive, puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny.
The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand.
I liked the original short story but this movie, even at an hour and twenty-some minutes, it's too long and it goes nowhere.
This little film is so slovenly done, so primitive in technique, that it can't really be called animation.
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours.
Hawke's film, a boring, pretentious waste of nearly two hours, doesn't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny, pathetic, starving and untalented artistes.
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai, but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane.
Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders.
The title, alone, should scare any sane person away.
Low comedy doesn't come much lower.
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside, #9 never quite ignites.
It's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante's similarly styled Gremlins.
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once.
This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream.
Let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears.
A loud, brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy.
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work, every bit as imperious as Katzenberg's The Prince of Egypt from 1998.
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue, just because it seems obligatory.
The movie's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish.
Maid in Manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies.
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special.
I can't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail.
...the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy.
Like most of Jaglom's films, some of it is honestly affecting, but more of it seems contrived and secondhand.
One long, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before.
Forgettable, if good-hearted, movie.
The film's most improbable feat? It didn't go straight to video.
...about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season.
The Chateau... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters.
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment... simultaneously degrades its characters, its stars and its audience.
It's not too fast and not too slow. It's not too racy and it's not too offensive. It's not too much of anything.
The great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses – and ours – and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash, and send it to its proper home.
About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life.
An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal.
We could have expected a little more human being, and a little less product.
Instead of using George and Lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks, Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere, seizing on George's haplessness and Lucy's personality tics.
Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences is debatable.
Becomes a bit of a mishmash: a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't.
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance.
Grant isn't Cary and Bullock isn't Katherine.
Like a fish that's lived too long, Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places.
Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending.
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom.
The entire movie is in need of a scented bath.
I'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not, nor will he be, back.
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film, and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult.
A Movie to Forget
For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life, and its electronic expression through cyber culture, the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time.
Enough is not a bad movie, just mediocre. The performances are so overstated, the effect comes off as self-parody.
It looks good, but it is essentially empty.
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long.
The idea is more interesting than the screenplay, which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy, unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run.
Van Wilder has a built-in audience, but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest.
It's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby.
Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice?
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character.
Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah's Book Club.
So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie.
The entire point of a shaggy dog story, of course, is that it goes nowhere, and this is classic nowheresville in every sense.
Stale and clichéd to a fault.
This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own.
Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt, as if you were paying dues for good books unread, fine music never heard.
The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids.
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner.
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny.
Unfortunately, contrived plotting, stereotyped characters and Woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart.
Witless and utterly pointless.
When 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre.
Show me the mugging.
Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre.
Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying.
As a feature-length film, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character.
A guilty pleasure at best, and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it.
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away.
With a ``Spy Kids'' sequel opening next week, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a ``SNL'' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni?
It's just rather leaden and dull.
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago.
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British.
Instead of trying to bust some blondes, (Diggs) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad.
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience.
De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is, overall, far too staid for its subject matter.
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy.
There's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits.
When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director, one would hope for the best
The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting.
(Toback's) fondness for fancy split-screen, stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material.
Adam Sandler's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie.
essentially ``Fatal Attraction'' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987. ...this story gets sillier, not scarier, as it goes along...
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable, shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture.
The film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence.
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy.
This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship.
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow. I can't.
In the spirit of the season, I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it.
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on. The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock.
A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story.
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is.
The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie's rude and crude humor.
As self-aware movies go, Who is Cletis Tout? is clever enough, though thin writing proves its undoing.
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus, point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages, over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar.
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating, that is, for about ten minutes. After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course.
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning.
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie, but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them.
Its screenplay serves as auto-critique, and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure.
At times, it actually hurts to watch.
Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection, several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme.
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail.
(Tries) to parody a genre that's already a joke in the United States. The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop, which also seems to play on a 10-year delay.
A beyond-lame satire, Teddy Bears' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor.
I've never seen (a remake) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler's new movie rapes, pillages and incinerates Frank Capra's classic...
Hollywood's answer to an air ball.
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls.
Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise, you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production.
A weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it, offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A.'s show-biz and media subcultures. But it doesn't leave you with much.
I'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind, crippled, Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking.
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie: Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title, many can aspire but none can equal.
There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie.
Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation.
This is standard crime drama fare... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull.
There's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... (b)ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck, it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman.
One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you, with every scene, that it could never really have happened this way.
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast, Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out.
Yet another genre exercise, Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title.
Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot, moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair...
There's an admirable rigor to Jimmy's relentless anger, and to the script's refusal of a happy ending, but as those monologues stretch on and on, you realize there's no place for this story to go but down.
Once again, the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated, and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle.
A lightweight, uneven action comedy that freely mingles French, Japanese and Hollywood cultures.
Such a fine idea for a film, and such a stultifying, lifeless execution.
(Allen's) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be.
This overlong infomercial, due out on video before month's end, is tepid and tedious.
An ambitious, guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting.
Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic.
A dull, inconsistent, dishonest female bonding picture.
So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened.
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip.
Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon.
This Sade is hardly a perverse, dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama. He's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery, and the film seems as deflated as he does.
The film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9/11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind.
It's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream: ``Got AIDS yet?''
In a strange way, Egoyan has done too much. He's worked too hard on this movie.
The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show: hastily written, underrehearsed, arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo.
The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections.
A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary, naturalistic tone of the film ...
The movie's messages are quite admirable, but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity.
What we have here isn't a disaster, exactly, but a very handsomely produced let-down.
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few.
A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns, expensive cars, lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing.
To the filmmakers, Ivan is a prince of a fellow, but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited, and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit.
This is a movie filled with unlikable, spiteful idiots; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least.
It's as if Allen, at 66, has stopped challenging himself.
Scotland, PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept.
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita.
Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes.
There's little to recommend Snow Dogs, unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity.
It's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag.
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic.
Sorority Boys, which is as bad at it is cruel, takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it.
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming. Maybe there's a metaphor here, but figuring it out wouldn't make Trouble Every Day any better.
This is the first film I've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved.
Fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess.
Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes.
Sheridan is painfully bad, a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb.
Presents nothing special and, until the final act, nothing overtly disagreeable.
The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill.
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz?
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots.
It's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan. Make Chan's action sequences boring.
You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone.
'In this poor remake of such a well loved classic, Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision.'
It's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn.
The film's final hour, where nearly all the previous unseen material resides, is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut.
The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating.
I found it slow, predictable and not very amusing.
Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10,000 times.
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess.
A pint-sized 'Goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set, it's not a very good movie in any objective sense, but it does mostly hold one's interest.
Get out your pooper-scoopers.
While the material is slight, the movie is better than you might think.
It's definitely not made for kids or their parents, for that matter, and I think even fans of Sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting.
Sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy, and scotches most of its élan, humor, bile, and irony.
More busy than exciting, more frantic than involving, more chaotic than entertaining.
There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film. It's makes a better travelogue than movie.
It's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies, couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out, so he just slopped `em together here.
The fourth in a series that I'll bet most parents had thought --hoped! -- was a fad that had long since vanished.
It's a long way from Orwell's dark, intelligent warning cry (1984) to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium, and what once was conviction is now affectation.
Its premise is smart, but the execution is pretty weary.
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired.
more precious than perspicacious
If you saw it on TV, you'd probably turn it off, convinced that you had already seen that movie.
(T)he script isn't up to the level of the direction, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members, who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent.
If this is cinema, I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey.
Enigma looks great, has solid acting and a neat premise. Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes.
Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary, humorless soap opera.
While there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans (as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo's dumbed-down tactics), Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor.
It's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick.
Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs.
Perry's good and his is an interesting character, but ``Serving Sara'' hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff. Nor is it a romantic comedy.
Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf.
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and, by extension, its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual.
It's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good.
In the not-too-distant future, movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds. Right now, they're merely signposts marking the slow, lingering death of imagination.
The movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell.
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party.
It appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making.
Beneath the uncanny, inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce...lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments.
Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good.
Piccoli's performance is amazing, yes, but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent.
Starts out mediocre, spirals downward, and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion.
Nicolas Cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray, and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career.
It lacks the compassion, good-natured humor and the level of insight that made (Eyre's) first film something of a sleeper success.
The result is good gossip, entertainingly delivered, yet with a distinctly musty odour, its expiry date long gone.
A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer.
All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise.
Green ruins every single scene he's in, and the film, while it's not completely wreaked, is seriously compromised by that.
There's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy.
The story is predictable, the jokes are typical Sandler fare, and the romance with Ryder is puzzling.
Wallace directs with such patronising reverence, it turns the stomach.
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project.
Poor Ben Bratt couldn't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions.
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws.
Unlike Trey Parker, Sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny, not actually exploiting it yourself.
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them.
An empty, purposeless exercise.
Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock.
Haneke's script (from Elfriede Jelinek's novel) is contrived, unmotivated, and psychologically unpersuasive, with an inconclusive ending.
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama.
Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking.
A distinctly mixed bag, the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze.
What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes.
Ultimately, Jane learns her place as a girl, softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with.
Ah-nuld's action hero days might be over.
It's clear why Deuces Wild, which was shot two years ago, has been gathering dust on MGM's shelf.
Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful, half-naked women.
When the precise nature of Matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus, the revelation fails to justify the build-up.
This picture is murder by numbers, and as easy to be bored by as your ABC's, despite a few whopping shootouts.
Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud.
If you are into splatter movies, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea.
A dull, simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs, death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets.
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show's concept.
This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time.
A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration.
Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough, but she needs to shake up the mix, and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine.
The densest distillation of Roberts' movies ever made.
Ultimately, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad, and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability.
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC.
Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee, especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard, which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800.
(It) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent, but Spacey's.
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours.
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either.
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness.
A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity.
Fessenden continues to do interesting work, and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget. But the problem with Wendigo, for all its effective moments, isn't really one of resources.
Spirit is a visual treat, and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards, but it lacks a strong narrative.
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins, who seem barely in the same movie. Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle.
This is a children's film in the truest sense. It's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message, so it's great for the kids. Parents, on the other hand, will be ahead of the plot at all times, and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen--and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that.
Tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with Kieslowski's lyrical pessimism; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski's work aspired to, including the condition of art.
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies, and that makes for some glacial pacing early on.
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility.
Cherry Orchard is badly edited, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story.'
What ensues are much blood-splattering, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations, and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits.
A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so. The movie is without intent.
Visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay.
While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs (including a knockout of a closing line), the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity.
If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke, Lucky Break is (Cattaneo) sophomore slump.
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team, but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip.
Allegiance to Chekhov, which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard, is a particularly vexing handicap.
You expect more from director Michael Apted (Enigma) and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan (Reversal of Fortune) than this cliche pileup.
The first mistake, I suspect, is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student--where's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist?
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny, and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving.
Replacing John Carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded, handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage. Of all the Halloween's, this is the most visually unappealing.
It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references.
Despite its dry wit and compassion, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing.
...feels as if (there's) a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good, hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something.
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama. He seems to want both, but succeeds in making neither.
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again.
It's not a bad plot; but, unfortunately, the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from.
Girlfriends are bad, wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy.
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants... who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds.
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances, but the result is disappointing.
No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina.
Unfortunately, neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate.
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung, but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily.
Bang! Zoom! It's actually pretty funny, but in all the wrong places.
Lurid and less than lucid work.
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women.
At a brief 42 minutes, we need more X and less blab.
If anything, see it for Karen Black, who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick.
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson's E! True Hollywood Story.
This is surely one of the most frantic, virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio.
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand, even the funniest idea isn't funny.
A porn film without the sex scenes.
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating, but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice.
A depressingly retrograde, 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women.
Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version (no more racist portraits of Indians, for instance), but the excitement is missing.
By the end, you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich (that would be Reno) gets his comeuppance. Just bring on the Battle Bots, please!
While it's all quite tasteful to look at, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own.
Broder's screenplay is shallow, offensive and redundant, with pitifully few real laughs.
Yes they can swim, the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through.
Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts, (very) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double (for Seagal).
Slow, silly and unintentionally hilarious.
The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste.
In a big corner office in Hell, Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender, is firing his R&D people, and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24/7.
For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets (sci-fi) rehash.
A thriller without a lot of thrills.
This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror.
Ah, the travails of metropolitan life! Alas, another breathless movie about same!
In Moonlight Mile, no one gets shut out of the hug cycle.
Though uniformly well acted, especially by young Ballesta and Galan (a first-time actor), writer/director Achero Manas's film is schematic and obvious.
Done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment.
Despite its visual virtuosity, 'Naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it.
Slap her - she's not funny! No French people were harmed during the making of this movie, but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half.
Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations, the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should.
``One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid?'' Um.....isn't that the basis for the entire plot?
``Not really as bad as you might think!''
Strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing.
One regards Reign of Fire with awe. What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea.
It has the right approach and the right opening premise, but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material.
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation, which is way too stagy.
Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable, the director's experiment is a successful one.
The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish.
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD.
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it.
Ninety minutes of Viva Castro! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms' anti- Castro rhetoric, which are included
Comes off as a long, laborious whine, the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man.
It just goes to show, an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller.
In a 102-minute film, Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time. ... most viewers will wish there had been more of the ``Queen'' and less of the ``Damned.''
Hopelessly inane, humorless and under-inspired.
Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for (or worth rooting against, for that matter).
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it.
None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond, but much of it is good for a laugh. The problem with ``XXX'' is that its own action isn't very effective.
A great script brought down by lousy direction. Same guy with both hats. Big mistake.
A mediocre exercise in target demographics, unaware that it's the butt of its own joke.
Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the ``Miami Vice'' checklist of power boats, Latin music and dog tracks. He doesn't, however, deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash.
In gleefully, thumpingly hyperbolic terms, it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass, jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz.
The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy.
Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis's wall of kitsch hard going.
According to Wendigo, 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves.
An encouraging effort from McCrudden
The romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be.
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was, I would go back and choose to skip it. Fortunately, you still have that option.
Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment.
Adroit but finally a trifle flat, Mad Love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way, say, Jane Campion might have done, but at least it possesses some.
To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally.
This u-boat doesn't have a captain.
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge, (Crane) becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly, clinical lab report.
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit.